### Scenarios

#### Scenario 1

Stefano resides in a student campus in Milan. He wants to go to a concert, but there is a public transport strike until 11 p.m. and unfortunately the concert starts at 10 p.m.; so, he decides to reserve a vehicle with PowerEnJoy to get there. Since he has used the service before, he is already registered and, well aware of the reservation time constraints, he reserves a car parked just 100 meters far at 7.30 p.m.. He leaves at 8.30 p.m. and reaches its destination one hour later. He has already been there, so he knows that there is a power grid station nearby, but unfortunately he finds it full: in fact, several other people have had his same idea of using the car sharing service to bypass the strike. Luckily, he finds a parking spot just 50 meters far from the power grid station and leaves the car there, with 40% of the battery still available. On the way back, the transport strike is finished, so he manages to take the train.

#### Scenario 2

Giacomo and Francesca need to go to the shopping centre to get food for the week, but their car is broken. They decide to reserve a car with PowerEnJoy to get there. This is their first time using the service, so Giacomo has to register to it; then he logs and reserves a car after having searched among the nearest ones to his position. He also enables the money saving option and inserts the shopping center address. A few minutes later, one of Giacomo's friend, Marco, asks him if he can have a lift to the shopping centre. Giacomo agrees, and he, Francesca and Marco start their trip and get to their destination in just fifeteen minutes, so the car still has 75% of the battery available. Giacomo leaves the car in the power grid station and plugs the car to charge the battery, so he gets a total of 30% discount on the ride. Giacomo reserves the car again, since it will take them just 30 minutes to buy what they need. After having done the shopping, Giacomo, Francesca and Marco go back home and Giacomo leaves the car in a parking spot, because this time he has forgot to enable the money saving option and he isn't able to find a station. The car still has 75% of the battery available, so he gets a 20% discount on the ride.

#### Scenario 3

Michele is a college student and he is trying to save money as much as possibile since he is very tight on money at the moment. Therefore he decides to reserve a PowerEnJoy car to go to university enabling the money saving option. He is accustomed to using PowerEnJoy so he just logs in and reserves the nearest car without modifying his billing information. That day the traffic jam gets him stuck for a long time so that by the time he reaches college he is charged with 11EUR. Unfortunately Michele is unaware of having only 10EUR on his prepaid card used as payment method, so the payment transaction goes wrong and the system blocks the user linked to Michele until he will pay off his debt. Michele won't be able to get back home with a PowerEnJoy car by the end of the lessons.

